Make troubleshooting TCP errors easier to follow (#16444)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_sql_server/troubleshooting.md

Microsoft also provides a helpful doc on troubleshooting these types of errors, which can be [followed here][5].

### SQL Server TCP connection error {#tcp-connection-error}

> TCP connection issues are common when there is a setup misconfiguration with the Agent. The error messages produced by the driver are not always clear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TCP connection issues are common when there is a setup misconfiguration with the Agent. The error messages provided by the driver are not always clear.
```

For example, the following error is because the TCP connection failed:

```shell
TCP-connection(ERROR: getaddrinfo failed). Exception: unable to connect: could not open database requested by login
```

Some common errors are:

> **"login failed for user"**: this means the agent succeeded in establishing a connection to the host, but the login was rejected for some reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**"login failed for user"**: this means the Agent succeeded in establishing a connection to the host, but the login was rejected for some reason.
```

To troubleshoot:

1. Check the agent’s login credentials

2. Try to login with those credentials manually using sqlcmd. For example: `sqlcmd -S localhost -U datadog -P ${SQL_PASSWORD} -d master`

> **"could not open database requested for login"**: this error appears either due to network issues or due to an unknown database. To troubleshoot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**"could not open database requested for login"**: this error appears either due to network issues or due to an unknown database.
```

Reviewer: Duplicate of the line below.

To troubleshoot:

1. Check the TCP connection from the agent to the host by running `telnet {host} {port}` to make sure there is network connectivity from the Agent to the database.

2. Try to login manually using sqlcmd and see if there’s an issue with the configured database. For example: `sqlcmd -S localhost -U datadog -P ${SQL_PASSWORD} -d master`

####  Due to “Invalid connection string attribute”

The following ADO Providers are supported on Windows: `SQLOLEDB`, `MSOLEDBSQL`, `MSOLEDBSQL19`, `SQLNCLI11`.

> The `SQLOLEDB` and `SQLNCLI11` providers produce the error message `Invalid connection string attribute` for a wide variety of possible issues. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SQLOLEDB` and `SQLNCLI11` providers could show the error message `Invalid connection string attribute` due to several issues. For example:
```

```
datadog_checks.sqlserver.connection.SQLConnectionError:
Unable to connect to SQL Server for instance foo.com,1433 - master:
OperationalError(com_error(-2147352567, 'Exception occurred.',
(0, 'Microsoft OLE DB Provider for SQL Server',
'Invalid connection string attribute', None, 0, -2147467259), None),
'Error opening connection to "ConnectRetryCount=2;Provider=SQLOLEDB;Data Source=foo.com,1433;Initial Catalog=master;User ID=datadog;Password=******;"')
```

> This same error is produced regardless of failure reason (unknown hostname, could not establish TCP connection, invalid login credentials, unknown database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This same error is shown regardless of the reason for the failure (for example, due to an unknown hostname, the TCP connection not established, invalid login credentials, or an unknown database).
```

> Look in the error message for HResult error codes. Here are some known codes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look in the error message for the HResult error codes. These are examples of known codes:
```

`-2147217843` **"login failed for user"**: this means the agent succeeded in establishing a connection to the host, but the login was rejected for some reason.

`-2147467259` **"could not open database requested for login"**: this error appears either due to network issues or due to an unknown database.

> If neither step helps with the issue, or the error code you see is not listed, Datadog recommends using the `MSOLEDBSQL` driver or the `Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server`. The drivers produce more meaningful error messages, which can help with troubleshooting why the connection is failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither step helps with the issue, or the error code you see is not listed, Datadog recommends using the `MSOLEDBSQL` driver or the `Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server`. The drivers provide more detailed error messages, which can help with troubleshooting why the connection is failing.
```

Microsoft also provides a helpful doc on troubleshooting these types of errors, which can be [followed here][5].

> ### SQL Server Unable to connect {#tcp-connection-error}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SQL Server unable to connect '{#tcp-connection-error}'
```

Reviewer: Without the apostrophes, the text doesn't show up in the doc.

Author: why capitalize unable, but leave "connect" lowercase?

> Without the apostrophes, the text doesn't show up in the doc.

this text is not meant to show up in the doc. It's a permanent link, which is referenced in our agent. The purpose is that if we want to change the heading it won't break the agent.

Reviewer: Ah okay, I took out the apostrophes. 

My change makes "Unable" lowercase, like "connect", so that the heading is sentence case.

Author: yeah sorry :face-palm: i read it backwards

> `-2147217843` **“login failed for user”**: this means the agent succeeded in establishing a connection to the host but the login was rejected for some reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-2147217843` **"login failed for user"**: this means the agent succeeded in establishing a connection to the host but the login was rejected for some reason.
```

> `-2147467259` **“could not open database requested for login”**: this error appears either due to network issues or due to an unknown database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-2147467259` **"could not open database requested for login"**: this error appears due to network issues or an unknown database.
```

> Please see the section below for tips on how to troubleshoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are tips on how to troubleshoot the issue.
```

> If neither step produces meaningful help, or the error code you are seeing is not listed, Datadog recommends to use the `MSOLEDBSQL` driver or the `Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server`. Either of these options will produce more meaningful error messages, which should help troubleshooting why the connection is failing.

Reviewer: I would move this to after the troubleshooting tips.

Author: It only applies to this section though, not the one below it. I'll reorganize the sections a bit

Author: OK, I refactored the order of things a bit so hopefully it makes more sense. Basically the invalid string attribute error is the same thing, but recent versions of the agent have made it so we dont even report this anymore. Its leftovers from older agent versions to even call it out, but i didnt want to remove it completely

> If neither step produces meaningful help, or the error code you are seeing is not listed, Datadog recommends to use the `MSOLEDBSQL` driver or the `Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server`. Either of these options will produce more meaningful error messages, which should help troubleshooting why the connection is failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither step helps with the issue, or the error code you see is not listed, Datadog recommends using the `MSOLEDBSQL` driver or the `Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server`. The drivers produce more meaningful error messages, which can help with troubleshooting why the connection is failing.
```

#### Due to general TCP connection error

> TCP connection issues are common when there is a setup misconfiguration with the agent. Some common errors are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TCP connection issues are common when there is a setup misconfiguration with the Agent. Some common errors are:
```

> **“login failed for user”**: this means the agent succeeded in establishing a connection to the host but the login was rejected for some reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**"login failed for user"**: this means the agent succeeded in establishing a connection to the host, but the login was rejected for some reason.
```

To troubleshoot:

1. Check the agent’s login credentials

2. Try to login with those credentials manually using sqlcmd. For example: `sqlcmd -S localhost -U datadog -P ${SQL_PASSWORD} -d master`

> **“could not open database requested for login”**: this error appears either due to network issues or due to an unknown database. To troubleshoot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**"could not open database requested for login"**: this error appears either due to network issues or an unknown database.
```
